#Blink LED

##Background
The idea of this application is to build on top of the previous light up LED
project, developing it in two ways:
- Let the reset handler branch to C code as soon as possible.
- Let the C code blink the LED at an arbitrary but visible fixed frequency.

##C-runtime environment
In order to support C's features, C compilers and linkers assume the presence of
a stack, a so-called BSS-segment in RAM (static variables initialized to zero)
and a data segment, also in RAM. Code using these is usually located in some
library files delivered with the compiler and linked in the executable
(e.g. crt0.o).

We do initialize the stack pointer to the top of the RAM (it grows downwards),
by emitting that address to at address 0 as required for Cortex-M4, but since we
do not so far need any static variable in RAM, we decide to simplify the linker
script by skipping the BSS and data segments. In order to achieve this, we
invoke gcc with the option -nostartfiles. This way, the binary is composed of
our code and nothing more.

##Frame pointer
The frame pointer is a pointer to a frame in the stack that is itself pushed on
the stack as part of a C-function's prologue (generated by the compiler). It is
then popped from the stack as part of the function's epilogue (also generated by
the compiler). That code will be present even for functions that have no
parameters or local variables (such as the ones we use in this application).
That is what explains that the code generated for functions in this application
is slightly more than a translation of the C-code in the function. That is also
why we explicitly reset the frame pointer to NULL in the assemby reset handler
(this can be considered as a part of setting up the C-runtime environment).
